# Swagger generated server
Spring Boot Server 

# Notes about generation
* It seems that it is impossible to continuously generate server code in response to changes in the specification.
* Generated code is for very old Java version and uses JavaX classes. You need to modify code by hand.
* After modification server doesn't start because and issue with date-format in application.properties.
* If tool generating code for a fresh Java version is present it might work as something initial.
* In the end it makes no sense to do a Design-first approach at least with Java because it is not possible to generate/update Server code continuously
* It is funny that documentation is not available either.
  * It appeared after I added springdoc-openapi-starter-webmvc-ui but this is a tool to generated docs from controller definitions.
  * Even with this and error appeared, because model classes were not properly linked together leaving schema almost empty.
  * Even basic types weren't added. Everything has Object type.
* Code is very badly formatted
* Request parameters aren't present in the API code nor model
* Example responses aren't generated correctly. They contained JSON as text as is all types were Object and no default values.
* Examples are also not generated. They contain default value depending on a type.
* OpenAPI 3.1.0 is not at all supported.
  * According to Spring Docs dev springdoc.api-docs.version=openapi_3_1 needs to be used, but when it is enabled, docs start to again display incorrect information.
* At this point, unfortunately I see no point in having a design first approach for OpenAPI. It seems much easier do it in a Code First way.


## Overview  
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-core), you can easily generate a server stub.  
This is an example of building a swagger-enabled server in Java using the SpringBoot framework.

The underlying library integrating swagger to SpringBoot is [springdoc-openapi](https://github.com/springdoc/springdoc-openapi)

Start your server as an simple java application  

You can view the api documentation in swagger-ui by pointing to  
http://localhost:8080/  

Change default port value in application.properties